as a mare youth my prayers were answered
in the form of a dauntless band of
freelancers newly arrived in suse then
determined to seize the opportunities
only the diversity of the crater could
provide the future champions found
themselves heading for a northern town
heeding the call of adventure and corn
by joining the service of a respected
troubleshooter
ah
boohoo
I'll explain
get me off return to me when you're done
cross-linking one interface modules
thank you now go
snot loop which occurs
don't dogs
who are you crying to moving on mike
rainey hey you're spoken to pray that's
what you're doing I put the bait out and
now fuck you Lily my crab now happy
birthday
the village I suppose I have to thank
you for taking care of that's great girl
but now it's time for you to leave nope
don't hope too that Haley make mr.
cousin or whatever is going and head now
d supposed to hang it all the people
Doug and I don't die hello Sam hey Dutch
boy I'm gonna take didn't until I take
that I gonna buy me a farm far away from
our damn food I still be myself I'll gig
you